README.md, before:

# ![Apple TV](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1049693/11407062/c1891a92-93b0-11e5-9270-745cf4fa4152.png) TVGemist

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/4np/TVGemist.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/4np/TVGemist)
[![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/4np/TVGemist.svg)](https://github.com/4np/TVGemist/releases/latest)
[![Commits Since](https://img.shields.io/github/commits-since/4np/TVGemist/0.0.1.svg?maxAge=3600)](https://github.com/4np/TVGemist/commits/master)
[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-tvOS%2011-green.svg?maxAge=3600)](https://developer.apple.com/tvos/)
[![Swift](https://img.shields.io/badge/language-Swift-ed523f.svg?maxAge=3600)](https://swift.org)
[![Open Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/4np/TVGemist.svg?maxAge=3600)](https://github.com/4np/TVGemist/issues)
[![Closed Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed/4np/TVGemist.svg?maxAge=3600)](https://github.com/4np/TVGemist/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed)

```TVGemist``` is an unofficial native ```Uitzending Gemist``` and ```NPO Live``` application for Apple TV developed in [Swift](https://developer.apple.com/swift/). It will allow you to browse and watch all video streams of the Nederlandse Publieke Omroep's (e.g. NPO, the Dutch public broadcaster) [Uitzending Gemist](http://www.npo.nl/uitzending-gemist) website on your Apple TV.

_Note: this project is in active development, consider this alpha..._

# Contributing to TVGemist

Before sending a pull request, make sure you used the same coding style and that you lint your code using the most recent [SwiftLint](https://github.com/realm/SwiftLint) release:

```
$ swiftlint
...
Done linting! Found 0 violations, 0 serious in 34 files.
```

_Note: the Xcode project will not be comitted to git._

# License

See the accompanying [LICENSE](LICENSE) and [NOTICE](NOTICE) files for more information.

```
Copyright 2018 Jeroen Wesbeek

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```

Commit message:

First version that supports paging through programs, filtering programs, paging through episodes and playing episodes.

README.md, after:

# tv TV Gemist

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/4np/TVGemist.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/4np/TVGemist)
[![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/4np/TVGemist.svg)](https://github.com/4np/TVGemist/releases/latest)
[![Commits Since](https://img.shields.io/github/commits-since/4np/TVGemist/0.0.1.svg?maxAge=3600)](https://github.com/4np/TVGemist/commits/master)
[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-tvOS%2011-green.svg?maxAge=3600)](https://developer.apple.com/tvos/)
[![Swift](https://img.shields.io/badge/language-Swift-ed523f.svg?maxAge=3600)](https://swift.org)
[![Open Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/4np/TVGemist.svg?maxAge=3600)](https://github.com/4np/TVGemist/issues)
[![Closed Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed/4np/TVGemist.svg?maxAge=3600)](https://github.com/4np/TVGemist/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed)

```TVGemist``` is an unofficial fast native ```Uitzending Gemist``` and ```NPO Live``` application for Apple TV developed in [Swift](https://developer.apple.com/swift/). It will allow you to browse and watch all video streams of the Nederlandse Publieke Omroep's (e.g. NPO, the Dutch public broadcaster) [Uitzending Gemist](http://www.npo.nl/uitzending-gemist) website on your Apple TV.

_Note: this project is in active development, consider this alpha..._

# Getting started

Please refer to Uitzending Gemist's [guide](https://github.com/4np/UitzendingGemist#okay-thats-all-great-but-how-do-i-get-this-on-my-) on how to get `TV Gemist` on your tv.

# Screenshots

![Main TV](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1049693/35980552-4217fc5e-0ceb-11e8-99b7-8d648717db94.png)

![Programs](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1049693/35980287-9ea51156-0cea-11e8-8c02-ffe4178bdd58.png)

![Program overview](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1049693/35980288-9ec4b10a-0cea-11e8-9d35-cc17d59d9e83.png)

# License

See the accompanying [LICENSE](LICENSE) and [NOTICE](NOTICE) files for more information.

```
Copyright 2018 Jeroen Wesbeek

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```
